 Hi.
 
I have a folder containing some PDF files.
 
Every PDF file is made of A4 pages, composed of 2 horizontal slides printed on each page.
 
I need a Python script doing the following on every PDF file:
 
1) remove a text line overlay on every page and create a brand new PDF in a folder named "no-line-pdfs";
 
2) take the PDF in the "no-line-pdfs" folder, crop every page in 2 parts (according to predefined coordinates - please see instructions below) and store them as 1-page PDFs in a folder called "cropped-pdfs";
 
3) take the PDFs in the "cropped-pdfs" folder, merge the cropped slides to 1 brand new PDF document (landscape format) and store it in a folder called "merged-pdf" ;
 
4) take the PDFs in the "merged-pdf" folder and "print-out" to a band new PDF (A4 portrait format) with 3 slides per page, in a folder called "printed-pdf": I need the possibility (optional) to put a rectangular frame around every slide printed to the new A4 vertical page;
 
5) take the PDF in the "printed-pdf" and put header and footer to it, then store in a folder called "header-and-footer-pdf":
I need the possibility to choose the font, the font size, the top margin and the bottom margin for both of them;
I need the possibility to customize the header and footer
(the footer will actually be almost always this format: page-number / total pages).
 
 
The python script will have to be composed of different functions,
each one doing 1 action at time of the 5 actions specified above.
 
The python script will have to give the opportunity to skip 1 or more actions at init time.
 
The python script will have to create an output log in every folder with the same .
 
 
The python script will have to be customizable via a template json input file, by giving information like:
 
1) the directory containing the original PDFs (the input PDFs will have not to be modified)
 
2) the destination directory for the new PDFs (this directory will contain the "no-text-line", "cropped-pdfs", "merged-pdf", "printed-pdf" and "header-and-footer-pdf" folders)
 
3) the crop points coordinates of the top horizontal slide to crop;
 
4) the crop points coordinates of the bottom horizontal slide to crop;
 
5) the header text, font size, top margin (in centimeters)
 
6) the footer text, font size, bottom margin (in centimeters):
     if no footer will be specified, the default output will have to be "page-number / total pages"
 
 
The final PDFs will have to be editable as the original one, no "print as image" action in this script is accepted.
 
That's it.
 
Please submit your offer only if you are able to do it.
 
Delivery within 3 days.
 
Thanks